Add better description to subscribe and publish guidelines (#2058)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/events/_index.en.md

## Who can use Altinn Events?

> Publishing of _app_ events is limited to Altinn apps. The other supported type of event is the _generic_ event. 
> Maskinporten authentication will be required in order to publish events on our platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publishing of _app_ events is limited to Altinn apps created and deployed with altinn.studio. Generic, or non-app events can be published by an application owner system. The event produsing system must be registered as a resource in the resource registry.
```
